hey guys my name is Nicole Paris and I'm
coming to you because I want to do a
hair review on London luxury hair but
before I do real quick I got sure your
picture y'all got to see this hold on
look at this can you see that Oh Lord
yeah you can that's a hot mess no no no
that's a hot damn mess that is the hair
that I was rocking before I found this
quality that I'm rocking right now I
have this installed for two weeks the
picture I showed you that was two weeks
those two weeks of a hot matted mess
those two weeks of me walking around
like what the hell is wrong with that
girl and what I look like that yes I did
get those stairs okay but now i'm
getting stairs because my hair looks
good my hands did you call me Willow cuz
I'm a rock my hair back and forth okay
that's what I'm gonna do I've got 14
inch I got 16 inch and I was 18 inch of
Brazilian deep wavy curly hair and like
I said London luxury hair I was able to
call the owner how many the help how can
you call the owner of a hair company
they don't even answer half the time
this lady answers no we did she answer
she gave me her cell phone number now
don't do that because i'ma blow it up
and I blew it up I got to ask her any
question it did not matter as to what
products to use and i'm going to give
you all that information on the bottom
so you know what products to use i asked
her how long the hair last taking good
care of it the hair can last over a year
she uses the same quality she uses this
hair so so you know she's using it's
good stuff I'm just saying anyway so if
you're looking for a good hair this is
where you come and a little bit of my
hair is left i don't know if you could
see it but some of my hair is left out
to get the same curl pattern all i did
was braided at night went to bed and
wolf
up and it was here okay now all the
information is going to be on the bottom
of the screen this is amazing quality it
does not shed it does not tangle I don't
have to worry about it matting this is
what you want to look like you want to
have diamond so what it means a lot of
that